Persistence+Research: 3
	There were many features of Java that I ended up using that I didn't
	have previous knowledge of; for example, when having to sort videos
	into lexigraphical order I learned about the Comparable class and
	Collections service to easily sort an ArrayList of a non-generic
	class type. I had to troubleshoot error messages that I hadn't
	seen before by doing research online.
	I didn't give myself a 4 as when I initally got the project running,
	it was having issues finding the videos.txt file - I think this was
	a technical issue that was beyond the scope of the project so I put
	in a hacky fix to ammend it.

Knowledge+Comprehension: 4
	I passed all 4 tests with 0 failures, and coming out of it I have
	a stronger grasp of Java and have learnt a few tips and tricks
	along the way. Generally have more comprehension of the programming
	language.

Creativity+Design: 3
	I tried to keep the amount of code I was writing to a minimum for
	sleekness - how I sorted lexigraphically was quite creative, by
	giving the classes a compareTo() function. I didn't go and make
	my own classes though which did show a lack of forethought.

Code Structure+Clean Code: 3
	I didn't create my own new classes, which did result in me having
	some floating variables that weren't always in use e.g. having a
	pause variable when there was no video playing. At times I did
	repeat code instead of putting it in its own subfunction (e.g.
	checking if a Video existed - but these did have custom error
	messages).
	In other places though I did streamline my code; when search by
	title and by tag, I had seperate methods for searching but then
	fed the results into a function that displayed the videos and asked
	the user if they wanted to play a found video.
	In places where there was a chunk of code - or the methodology wasn't
	clear - I used comments.
	I liked using spaces and indentation to make the code as readable as
	possible.

Problem Solving+Analysis+Evaluation: 4
	It was no easy journey getting to all 4 parts completed; a lot of
	error messages I had to decode, tests not passing fully without it
	being clear why. (Was difficult at times when a test would fail when
	it got a different number of lines expected but didn't actually show
	the lines that were printed).

Parts Completed: 4
	did all 4 innit